[17.0][MIG] auto_backup: Migration to 17.0 (#3180)
OCA/server-tools: auto_backup/readme/ROADMAP.md

- On larger databases, it is possible that backups will die due to Odoo
  server settings. In order to circumvent this without frivolously
  changing settings, you need to run the backup from outside of the main

>   Odoo instance. How to do this is outlined in [this blog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Odoo instance. How to do this (for version 9.0) was outlined in [this blog
```

Author: Applied Thanks

>   post](https://blog.laslabs.com/2016/10/running-python-scripts-within-odoos-environment/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  post](https://web.archive.org/web/20240805225230/https://blog.laslabs.com/2016/10/running-python-scripts-within-odoos-environment/).
```
Looks it's no longer online

Author: Applied Thanks
